My grandmother is in hospital. That's nice.
No one really keeps in touch or tells me what's going on, so I'm assuming No News Is Good News.
Of course, that's one of my get-through-each-day mantras, anyway, haha

My step-dad was emailing me. He said this:

Anthony carved a guitar for James Taylor and Jackson Browne. They posed for a picture with him and the guitar. They all live in Connecticut, where Anthony builds boats for the rich and famous. 

Anthony is my cousin by marriage. Not that I've met him, nor am I likely ever to do so. He's married to Meridith, the elder of my two bitch cousins (and definitely the biggest bitch!). Fuck, she's awful. So shallow. Loud. Self-serving. Cold.
When she had a baby last year I was like holy crap, I didnae ken she was human enough to portray the mother role.
I also said, about her son Weldon (WELDON!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! A 'family name' from Anthony's side... rich english cunts) when he was born, Great. Just what the world needs. Another self-entitled hipster.

So, you get the gist.

So, Dave said that about the guitar and James Taylor and shit, so I did a google search, and found this:
[[REDACTED]]

So, Ed and I read through that and then watched (part of) his song... got to be the definition of Unoriginal, am I right?
Just... do you ken what I mean?
Not just because of this, of course; this is just one wee (somewhat entertaining) anecdote. But I just fucking hate people. Humans. Society.
I hate almost everything that is happening, being done, being eroded.
Everything is shitter. 'Large' eggs are medium now, and the medium are tiny.
You cannae sort out any services or utilities you may have - that you PAY PLENTY FOR - without at least 20 minutes fighting with an automated voice recording, first. Just because wealthy shareholders don't want to create that extra 10 or 20 lousy, low-paid jobs to begin with.

The very, very few humans to whom I am actually scientifically/closely related are such fucking wastes of oxygen. Honestly.
I mean, Meridith's parents (and her, and her sister too, I have no doubt) fucking vote Republican. On purpose.
I'm sure Anthony is one of them. I doubt they'd adore him so much and make him out to be the best most perfect man ever to live if he actually championed the rights of the downtrodden or realised there are things more valuable than money, and then lived that way.

Anyway, this is (part of) the reply I just sent my step-dad:

After you told me that about Anthony and the guitar, I did a google search for him, found an article someone did on him a couple of years ago, when he made that (utterly shite!! seriously, it looks and sounds awful!!!) guitar out of that boat. (Mostly.) Even had a link of him singing a song.
Holy fuck, what a hipster wanker shallow vain cunt.
Honestly, thinking about him, about them (Meridith)... just, ugh. It actually makes me want to vomit.

Fucking young privileged wanker, oh, look at me! I'm a surfer! I make  boats! I soaked wood in Narraganssett bay! Oh, fuck off.
The world makes me fucking sick, Dave.

Humans are a fucking waste.

That said, I love you!
PS- Barring a few specific individuals, FUCK connecticut.
Fuck the rich and famous.
Fuck James Taylor.

------------------
Of course, you're not there yet, but you guys are amongst those 'few specific individuals' ;)
And obviously I am super-excited for all of you, and you, [[k0sh3k]], job-wise!... there is of course more to CT than hipsters and wankers and cunts (or so I hope, for your sake!!! haha).
It'll certainly be improved by your presence, anyway, and I hope you find some GUID FOLK to have in your lives there :)

That said, if you're ever feeling like you really want to destroy or vandalise something, let me know. I'll find out the bastards' address ;)
hahahha

THANKS FOR LETTING ME BE ME!
Hugs
Sho x