You prepping for Easter?
SAT 2:58 PM
Yep [[K]] and I are battling the Walmart crowds
SAT 2:59 PM
o7
SAT 2:59 PM
I hope your Easter has been excellent. =)
52 MIN AGO
It was pretty awesome!
52 MIN AGO
But now I am killing time until bed —-so tired
52 MIN AGO
How was your weekend?
51 MIN AGO
I bet, lol. Hopefully, you'll sleep like a baby.
51 MIN AGO
Yes that would be great!
51 MIN AGO
Weekend has been decent. Was a zombie yesterday, but it's been solid today.
49 MIN AGO
Watched //Dogma// yesterday and then //Dumb and Dumber// with the offspring. Been on a movie kick, I guess.
48 MIN AGO
Talking our butts off, so that's good.
48 MIN AGO
Glad today was good —I need a spend a day in my jammies day BUT there are only 5 more weeks left
48 MIN AGO
ketamine this morning, but it wasn't hell, thankfully
48 MIN AGO
Oh good
47 MIN AGO
Is it bad often
47 MIN AGO
?
47 MIN AGO
I am decent at explaining many things, but the k-hole is one I continually fail to describe. Dissociation to that degree (on top of how it affects your working memory at the time) is intense. There is nothing else like it. It's disorienting to the extreme and it can be quite painful. But, I make myself do it. I'm especially sensitive to the substance (I hit the k-hole on even threshold doses).
43 MIN AGO
I am glad I do afterward.
42 MIN AGO
Thankfully, while it is hard mental work for me, it has not been hell for a while.
42 MIN AGO
Ugh that sounds awful —but it does help?
39 MIN AGO
Yes. The primary effect usually lasts forseveral 5-6 days, but there are permanent alterations as well.
38 MIN AGO
Is there a tolerance point where your body has built up some tolerance to the side effects?
36 MIN AGO
Physiologically, I hit baseline within a week. It's only recently I've started trying to take it again (working up the courage), but I don't even take it that often.
34 MIN AGO
The long-term effects of ketamine haven't been studied. I'm not a habitual weekly treatment user either though. I don't know what tolerance there may be on that front.
32 MIN AGO
I can say the first few times (which were the most hellish) were by far the most effective. Instantly took me out of depression and suicidal ideation. I could see clearly for those 5-6 days, enough to do something about it before falling back into the pit.
29 MIN AGO
I am glad it is effective on the depression—wish you could find something as effective with less hell
27 MIN AGO
What permanent alterations?
26 MIN AGO
I am not qualified to know. https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/behind-the-buzz-how-ketamine-changes-the-depressed-patients-brain/
24 MIN AGO
It does change how I think long-term, but I can't put my finger on what or how.
23 MIN AGO
It tends to me make more hopeful though.
22 MIN AGO
I would argue it "evens me out" more too.
21 MIN AGO
Unfortunately, I have nothing to back this up with other than my fallible and faint outlines of experience here.
21 MIN AGO
So maybe new synapses... that would be cool
20 MIN AGO
It’s hard to tell with yourself—I can tell that [[UJ]] hasn’t taken his before he notices
19 MIN AGO
I am lucky to have [[k0sh3k]] and [[JRE]] ask me to consider taking it. I argue with myself about it in the wiki as well. I'm trying to develop the sensors.
18 MIN AGO
Yeah... it’s hard to self evaluate but if anyone can ...you can
17 MIN AGO
There is a difference between depressive realism (which I need and should keep) and the kind of goggles that prevent me from realizing I'm in a pit I shouldn't and don't have to be in.
17 MIN AGO
Yes...easy to remain and hard to move out
16 MIN AGO
Been there...
16 MIN AGO
You have been kicking complete ass, btw.
16 MIN AGO
Like a beacon to us all, lol.
16 MIN AGO
thank you —your encouragement really helps a bunch
15 MIN AGO
Makes me want to keep going
15 MIN AGO
I am headed off to bed —sleep well! Love ya:heart:
1 MIN AGO
Goodnight. Sleep well. Love you too!
NOW