I just discovered that one of the places I wrote on the internet as a teen is no longer hosted/available.
MON 3:07 AM
It was a media wiki for "teen poetry" and being who I am, I was frustrated with the disorganization and non-user friendliness of the main pages so I learned wiki code and revamped them.
MON 3:08 AM
Even contacted the moderators but nothing happened.
MON 3:08 AM
I can't believe I didn't think to back it up. Rationally it's absurd to be crying over this but I loved that place.
MON 3:10 AM
At 13 I could barely imagine being 20, much less 24. But crying in my bed feels no different today than it did 11 years ago. Except with more frontal lobe awareness. If the world is still turning, I foresee myself crying the same exact way when I'm 72. I don't know if that's comforting or scary.
MON 3:27 AM
I wonder if it isn't these visceral qualia that form the most intense and common language between us all -- that kicks describes his weeping and I describe my anxiety and when we read each other's words we understand in our bodies what the other feels. perhaps the //thought// gap is unbridgeable but...we are all raw feeling in the desert together.
MON 3:32 AM
(I suppose this is utterly anti-"we are just software" because it veers so heavily into the fleshiness of humanity.)
(Also now I know what you're referencing with 000 in your wiki!)
MON 3:37 AM
(and I don't know if I mean humanity or Humanity, there.)
MON 3:38 AM
(of course that's not the end point, then I must reach for -- knowing this, holding our raw brokenness in my heart, how do we/I repair the world, stitch the exploded pieces together with freedom and the good in our/my contexts?)
MON 3:49 AM
(and then my brain started thinking about those who feel the same things as we do yet refuse to see themselves in others, and power, and MOFO decentralization of power is like herd immunity against assholes. 
...
I'm so proud of that metaphor :joy:)
MON 3:52 AM
I feel like I'm being rude not responding. I regret (though I'm also enjoying the fact) that I don't know what to say to the art in your words.
MON 8:02 PM
I'm sitting here thinking quite a bit about you and [[kicks]]. I feel like I should not be the one who posts what you've said in this chat (and, yes, ofc, I've read what you've said on your wiki).
MON 8:03 PM
I am going to address what you've said (I need to think) here.
MON 8:04 PM
Your message was the first thing I saw this morning, and I'm feeling bad for not saying anything. It's not like it hasn't had impact on me!
MON 8:05 PM
I just don't know what to say.
MON 8:05 PM
I don't know what to say either! I woke up this morning and was immediately awash in the feeling of "I want to hide now." 

...I'm scared to read my own writing O.o
MON 8:07 PM
Please, no!
MON 8:08 PM
It would be a gift to us all for you to say it out loud.
MON 8:09 PM
Obviously, I'm posting the chat on my next round. These aren't my words, [[Sphygmus]].  I'm gonna be wrestling with them though. You are connecting the dots for us. Imho, you should say it on your wiki. Decorate it. That's you.
MON 8:13 PM
Thank you for your support. Seriously; I can't run away from myself here. I will find a way to say it out loud, maybe even to decorate it.
MON 8:20 PM
I love you. =) Your courage is awesome.
MON 8:39 PM