So, I was just wondering if I could ask your opinions about something.

Ed was saying to me yesterday, why don't you give yourself something (creative) to focus on? He suggested music but I honestly... dinnae feel very connected with any of the music I wrote, really... i dinnae ken, it's hard to explain. But anyway, the thing that occasionally comes to me is, like, write.

Not a blog; maybe sort of 'philosophical essays', is that still a thing people can/do?
I've got a wee list of topics I've been compiling for a while... just things that are interesting. Things that matter to me. 

For years I've been resisting 'writing' pretty much anything, personal or public, mainly for the important and valid reason that I do not want/need to be spending 'more time in my head'!!! Oh, so important. 
So much progress I've made in recent years, even if that's at least partly the result of a total breakdown haha

That's the biggest thing.
Also is a bit of laziness; any foray too far into specifics is going to require me to research/backup shit to some extent and, like, i left academia on purpose. Ken what i'm sayin? lol

Then there are more logistic/pragmatic concerns, too, such as: Where/how do I share this? Do I share this? How do I figure out who might actually want to see this? How do I protect myself - as in, depending on topic, I'm likely to get pretty ranty and anti-authoritarian, if you ken what I mean. Safety, privacy etc.

And THEN there's just, well, what's the point?
I mean, see attached ;)

Had an email this morning from the CND (campaign for nuclear disarmament); they're organising a protest/march etc in London today. Apparently Trump, Bojo, Erdogan and others are at some party being hosted by the Queen to celebrate NATOs 70th.
The email said to bring pots and pans, and lights/glow sticks, to make noise/draw attention.
ed's like what, are they gonnae make some soup?
I'm so far past believing any of that can change anything.
(This itself is turning into a 'topic', FFS! Sorry.)

So, all that. Bear in mind also that you're biased (and I thank you for it!!! <3); you m ight be interested in what I have to say, Ed is... i'm not so sure about anyone else, so.

Just all that.
And the risk of making myself sick(er)/unhappy(ier) etc.?
Although it also felt good to just be like ARGHH FUCK THINGS this morning by email, like it just helped me vent/let it go, ken?

So, I dinnae ken.

By the way [[h0p3]]; thank you for setting up a FB thing for me! I haven't tried it, though... not going to. It's just not for me. I'm better off not on there.
Not least of whcih because I dinnae want to turn into Ed, foir instance, and be on my phone all the f ucking time/lose minutes/hours of my life without noticing!
I'dr ather sit here looking at birds and hating people generally, rather than get involved in specifics, to be honest!
hahahahhaha

Okay sorry to take up so much of your time.
Love you guys.
Bye!
Sho x