Major suckfest: my shoulder pain is officially back, making it really hard to finish the lights in my basement
SAT 12:33 PM
=(
SAT 12:33 PM
That sucks!
SAT 12:33 PM
You should lay off the basement until you heal, yeah?
SAT 12:33 PM
I'm 90% sure you should rest.
SAT 12:33 PM
Do you know when it started or how?
SAT 12:34 PM
Been a year or so, but the steroids from my facial paralysis stopped the pain for a few months
SAT 12:36 PM
No healing, either surgery or steroids
SAT 12:36 PM
Ugh
SAT 12:36 PM
What does your doctor think?
SAT 12:37 PM
Dunno, was hoping to see how long the steroids I had worked, looks like 4 months
SAT 12:38 PM
That's not too bad. Do you think it will get worse?
SAT 12:38 PM
Most likely with my job
SAT 12:39 PM
Time to schedule another visit.  It kept me up last night
SAT 12:39 PM
Aye.
SAT 12:40 PM
I have a letter from [[SLT]].
SAT 12:44 PM
Really?
SAT 1:26 PM
Email or letter?
SAT 1:27 PM
Physical mail.
SAT 1:27 PM
It's up.
SAT 1:28 PM
Hmm
SAT 1:34 PM
She sent one to me as well
SAT 1:35 PM
Mom gives another explanation for why she told me not to abort her grandchildren immediately after I told her I was not a Christian
SAT 1:38 PM
Not sure I understand the logic of her explanation.
SAT 1:38 PM
Give me a second to type it up the relevant part on  the comp
SAT 1:38 PM
Dear [[JRE]]--
SAT 1:42 PM
So this is the next chapter in the saga.  I'll absolutely try (?!) to keep it short.  Thank you for making the journey to C-ville to visit us on Saturday ! Thank you too for the LOVELY cutting board.  We hope you aren't disappointed if we don't cut on it.  It is too beautiful and precious to us to "use."  We will be brought ongoing joy by regular sightings of it as a work of your art. (an FYI -- I also have the plastic plate you decorated at Mannsville school and gave me for mother's day one year.  It is in our Thai kitchen.  It too is beautiful- but in a different way!!)
SAT 1:44 PM
dang-- wish you were typing this instead of me lol-- my 60wpm vs your 100
SAT 1:44 PM
anyway
SAT 1:44 PM
"Onward, regarding our conversations... Thank you, we appreciate your openness.  We hope candor (& care & love) will mark future conversations !!
SAT 1:45 PM
Final thoughts... (Impressive, I still have space on p.1)  I want to revisit ONE topic.  Specifically because it had hurt you-- and has stayed with you for so long, causing pain -- which I had no awareness of.  I had to think and think after you'd left-- what would have contributed to my statement that I responded with, when you told me you were no longer a Christian [She said, "Please, [[JRE]], don't kill my grandbabies."].
SAT 1:47 PM
If you can believe me (& I hope you can!!) I had no desire to hurt or offend you.  (I believe I would have absolutely remembered if I had evil intent -- such moments don't leave me easily!!) Here is my best guess: (Not an excuse mind you!!)
SAT 1:48 PM
Back in the days before you made it clear you were no longer a christian, we were fully aware of your doubts & shifting beliefs.  In most every conversation along this direction, science & evolution came up.  My guess is, that in my emotionally - deer-in-the-headlights-moment (knowing not how to respond) I went with a lame attempt to acknowledge your evolution-based reasons (thought I'm sure along the way there've been multiple other reasons beyond science for your decision).  In a lame, lame, way, I was probably trying to meet you in your scientific world view -- knowing that you absolutely valued human life (& were not simply survival of the fittest "goes").  I would NEVER see you throwing life away, and never your child/children!
SAT 1:51 PM
I bring this up (not to dredge-- and I'm sorry if I'm sounding complicated or making heaviness/deeper heaviness in your heart or our ongoing relationship)!)  Because I realize how much my words hurt you.  (The fact that you do NOT view me as safe to talk with was painful and causes me even deeper regret!)
SAT 1:57 PM
Reminds me of getting married. They complained that I never asked them. They acted like it was my fault that I felt it wasn't safe to talk about it with them.
SAT 1:58 PM
I think too how painful this comment might continue to be, given the difficulties you and Rebecca have / & do experience in regards to having chilren, when I apologized to you, I know you did not respond. I don't know if you are willing or unwilling, able or unable, to forgive me.  I'm writing this in case you thought my apology was "just words" based on a reflex.  They were not. They are not.  I am sorry.
SAT 1:59 PM
P.S. -- No "layers" (my new word -- thank you for sharing it.)  I do not expect you to respond;  It is my hope thought, that whatever you decide, you know the sincerity of my hearts sorrow.
SAT 2:00 PM
That is a heavy letter.
SAT 2:03 PM
Considering the response I am giving to the letter I received, it may be more useful to you, objectively, to not have my analysis of that letter until you are sure you want it.
SAT 2:05 PM
Image attached to messageIcon showing that this image has a caption
Image attached to message
Image attached to message
SAT 6:53 PM
Each light has a switch in the cord, or I can control all of them from the main switch
SAT 6:54 PM
Awesome!
SAT 9:48 PM