Hey.
TUE 12:04 PM
Hey [[h0p3]] :)
TUE 12:04 PM
How's it going?
TUE 12:04 PM
Crap, I did not see that you messaged me Sunday. My bad.
TUE 12:04 PM
It is... questionable. Work stuff is only getting worse. Boy do I have a story for you.
TUE 12:05 PM
I'm sorry. =/
TUE 12:06 PM
I wish I wasn’t using my phone keyboard for this, but oh well. Going to give you the full brute of context to make sure we’re on the same page. 

So we have had two open positions on this team for quite some time now. One of them is for the position above me but just below my manager. We’ll call it the Consultant position. This spot’s been open for nearly 6 months now. The other is at my level, we’ll call it Analyst, and it’s been open for nearly 3 months now. This means my coworker and I have been doing the work of four people for the last three months at the very least. Not to mention that my boss didn’t post a single job opening anywhere until our department head threatened to take funding for both of those positions from her.

So my boss FINALLY gets around to posting those positions and conducting interviews. She decided to have us do peer interviews for the second round to fill the Analyst position. Not too bad, gave me a really helpful and interesting experience. We finished those last Friday and sent her our thoughts on all three of the candidates we saw. 

Well Monday rolls around and our boss tells us that Humana is under a hiring “frost” effective immediately. This means that certain umbrellas of the corporation can not hire anyone without explicit pre-approved justification, and it just so happens that our department is involved in it. Boss says she’s going to do her best to fill the Consultant position anyways, no guarantees, but the Analyst one is just not happening. So not only has my boss’ lethargy caused us to be working our assess off lately, but now we can’t even hire on new people. Talk about karma.

Just to run it in, another team in our department was also looking to fill an empty position, but theirs had only been open since the beginning of this month. They managed to extend an offer to their prospective employee before the hiring frost, so he got to start yesterday. Honestly just makes me more upset with my boss.
TUE 12:21 PM
Yup. =/
TUE 12:22 PM
That sucks.
TUE 12:23 PM
You have the moral right not to be treated like a slave.
TUE 12:23 PM
You should spend an hour of each workday working on getting another job.
TUE 12:24 PM
Doesn't sound like that frost is going to thaw soon.
TUE 12:24 PM
If you fall behind in your work, you have a great excuse.
TUE 12:24 PM
(I also think you have a moral duty to push back against exploitation. You have to exercise your rights or you lose your ability to practice them.)
TUE 12:25 PM
I'd be pissed off and exhausted too. =(
TUE 12:26 PM
Sounds like a solid mix of incompetence and malice to me.
TUE 12:26 PM
I feel completely backed into a corner. I wanted to wait for us to hire on new people before I started job searching because I knew my boss would just dump my shit on someone else (namely my other coworker) and not notice if it was truly taken care of. And it only truly bothers me about one aspect of my job because it would effect HUNDREDS of people if not handled correctly. Basically, I am responsible for making sure the right information is communicated to a large audience of people. We’re talking hundreds of people who rely on this information. So if I leave, I am pretty much guaranteed that this critical communication job will be utterly butchered and hundreds of people will be effected by it. I don’t give a shit about my boss and how poorly she’s handled these issues, but I give a shit about these other hard working people who are getting the short end of the stick here.
TUE 12:26 PM
And if I leave, there is no one coming to backfill my position, which only adds to the problem that she has created. I feel like if I stay I’m going to be miserable and if I leave I’m going to feel terrible.
TUE 12:27 PM
I honestly was spiraling yesterday... it was ugly. [[K]] and I went on a short walk which helped significantly, so there’s a small bead of happiness there.
TUE 12:29 PM
Keep walking and talking!
TUE 12:29 PM
Will be a source of sanity.
TUE 12:29 PM
He thanked me for it several times afterwards, even this morning, despite not wanting to go on it.
TUE 12:30 PM
We have a nice little neighborhood over here though. It’d be silly not to.
TUE 12:30 PM
Also, I do want to read that book with you. I just haven’t gotten around to buying it yet, but want to order it from Amazon today along with some other things. So no spoilers. ;)
TUE 12:32 PM
I don't even have the book yet, lol. Still waiting on my copy. Take your time.
TUE 12:33 PM
Thank you for letting me word vomit. Your turn! How are you?
TUE 12:33 PM
I'm not done responding to your vomit yet*
TUE 12:33 PM
Oh good. I shall wait.
TUE 12:33 PM
I'm sorry you feel backed into a corner.
TUE 12:35 PM
I agree about the solid mix of incompetence and malice. At some point I would like to discuss how my boss has failed us to bring these issues to light, but I’m not really sure where the appropriate place to do that is (since we don’t seem to get exit interviews).
TUE 12:39 PM
I think the corner is shaped differently than you do here. You shouldn't feel bad about leaving any mere occupation (which isn't vocation), especially not that one. As I have said to you before: your responsibility is to leave that job (or straight up monkeywrench). You have misunderstood your actual moral responsibility. That company should not exist. It's a bad thing you work there, and it's not your responsibility to maintain it. Even if this were a permissible job, it's not your fault that your management hasn't structured it appropriately to accept losing you as an employee. It's not your responsibility to make sure the other people there don't have a difficult time without you (and that's on the flawed assumption that they should be working there as well); that's your management chain's job. It's a bad thing that you would assume workers in your position should feel responsible in this way; that is capitalist brainwashing at work. Where you see an obligation, I don't at all. The obligation is to get out of there.
TUE 12:44 PM
I think a big part of it is that I have been trained from day one to work hard no matter what the job is. I just want to work hard and have that work mean something... but I don’t think I’ll ever find that here. Now I just need to gather the willpower to get out and make a change.
TUE 2:43 PM
Image attached to message
I admire that too. I realize this sucks. You are in a good position to make changes though. Louisville is a sizable city.
TUE 2:47 PM
This picture is both adorable and disturbing. I’ve got to show this to [[K]] xD
TUE 2:54 PM
It’s sweet to hear that you have so much confidence in me. <3
TUE 2:54 PM