Image attached to message
there's a ton of info wars stickers along my favorite trail and it pisses me off, so I plan on getting this made into a sticker and covering them all up. :D
THU 1:50 AM
also, I hope you're okay! Not seeing any wiki activity has me worried, though it could just be a tech glitch.
THU 1:56 AM
I keep saying this to you, but it means something to me: you are the only person who noticed.
THU 9:12 AM
Yeah, I've absolutely swamped. I've worked really hard on that letter, and I'm just trying to get my head back above water to work on the boat.
THU 9:13 AM
I think one of the primary reasons we can't "explain it to people" boils down to the fact that they have no interest in listening.
THU 9:14 AM
How can you teach someone to listen who isn't listening? Natural evolution has led to a sufficient bootstrapping mechanism for Dasein to emerge to varying [[dok]]. Yes, I realize this sounds like "wake up sheeple," and I'm happy to make fun of it...but, I mean it too.
THU 9:16 AM
My primary problem with the sheeple metaphor is that it can be interpreted to claim that just because someone "is" that way means they could never (and will never) possibly be otherwise. It is unwise not to hold people responsible for themselves.
THU 9:19 AM
"Can" has different modalities. I agree that we "can't" in the sense that it isn't entirely up to us, and that it is unlikely we will succeed.
THU 9:20 AM
The "getting their hands dirty" claim is one-hundredy percent on the money. I'm still absurdly lost even with practice (probably always will be).
THU 9:21 AM
There is a qualia to being in the driver's seat and doing this, and it's a huge one, imho. So, I agree to that modality as well: there are some things you "can't" teach without experience being the core of it.
THU 9:24 AM
I assume it's the kind of thing that can only spread completely organically. We're going to click with some people and not others, but hopefully someone else we connect with can connect with someone else. It's the F2F/P2P model.
THU 9:26 AM
Something like this is what decentralized trust with our identities probably has to look like at some level.
THU 9:27 AM
You are sending me down the rabbithole today. =)
THU 9:28 AM
Two more thoughts, the sorceryofthespectacle folks may be wildly wrong about many things, but they seem to have something right. Tribally, I have a lot in common with them.
THU 9:29 AM
I've also been thinking about Dungeons and Dragons quite a bit. Lots of people use TW for worldbuilding, fewer for personbuilding. I notice a pattern in some my discussions with RPers (I'm a terrible RPer, but I'd like to be good at it).
THU 9:31 AM
Perhaps one way to talk about the wiki with some folks is from that angle: we are engaged in a kind of real-RPing of ourselves here.
THU 9:32 AM
Like, some people literally construct completely different characters entirely. I'm probably the worst kind of RPer because I tend to just play myself.
THU 9:33 AM
play as* myself in disguise or something
THU 9:33 AM
Uh, I want a sticker! Your mandala awesome. There are some symbols that seem to work for homo sapiens cross-culturally. Our brains evolved to find patterns and symmetry. I think it points to a Platonic beauty.
THU 9:38 AM
It seems weird to me there would be infowars stickers on a trail.
THU 9:40 AM
I got you on the spot, so feel free to ignore it: if any, what substances have been existentially valuable to you? One thing I adored about the site that you left up for 20 seconds (I should have just saved it right there; I don't know what I was thinking) is that it was trip art!
THU 9:43 AM
I am especially fond of black and white heavy trip art too!
THU 9:44 AM
You've been doing a lot of heavy lifting.
THU 11:47 PM
I'll be getting to your letter asap.
THU 11:48 PM