Have a great day [[h0p3]]! Sorry I thought I sent you a response. >_<
FRI 8:47 AM
Ha, no worries. I think if I were you I wouldn't not be taking my eyes of the gaming screen.
FRI 11:11 AM
You surprised me with the LOW hour count. You must be savoring the experience.
FRI 11:11 AM
[[L]] and I are taking equal turns too. XD
FRI 11:20 AM
But I am taking my time!
FRI 11:21 AM
You are the best =). Still, watching is extremely fun.
FRI 11:21 AM
Even for the second time through, you see it from another perspective, see details you missed (or I do, if I'm lucky to understand what's happening).
FRI 11:22 AM
Alright, so catch me up to speed on where you are in the game. What is blowing your mind? What did you not expect? Do you have a prediction?
FRI 11:30 AM
Oh yeah. The game has a lot of hidden Mickeys which are already an Easter egg in the movies and you get rewards for taking pictures of them. 

The depth and sheer fun of the combat system is totally blowing my mind. There is nothing stale or boring about all of the options I have as a player and I feel rewarded for experimenting and using everything at my disposal. 

The level of detail and life they have given to the worlds is also
FRI 11:42 AM
Incredible. The Toy story world looks like Pixar animated it themselves. 

And the world based on Tangled recreated key scenes from the movie almost shot for shot
FRI 11:43 AM
They really care a lot about respecting the source material and it’s crazy how much they brought it to life and in turn breathed new life into it.
FRI 11:43 AM
That sounds excellent. Realistic (given the source) RPing in the worlds and characters of other stories I've loved as a multiverse is quite the experience.
FRI 11:46 AM
I still think Kingdom Hearts May be one of the definitive crossovers. Nobody would think Final Fantasy and Disney would go well together but it works so well!
FRI 11:50 AM
And the crazy part is that they’ve excluded final fantasy from this entry and it stands on its own as a series now.
FRI 11:52 AM
Neat. =) I had no idea.
FRI 3:38 PM