How's your day going?
MAY 8 3:54 PM
How's your day going?
WED 3:30 PM
Heya [[h0p3]]! I hardly touched my phone yesterday because I was at work or with friends orrery much all day. My day was okay. I’m doing my best to take everyone’s advice and GTFO of my job because it’s doing nothing good for me. I’ve stayed longer than I should have.
THU 6:56 AM
Uh, pretty* not orrery
THU 6:56 AM
I’ve been setting a timer and working on my resume for at least an hour every day. Mom has hooked me up with a job hunting site to help me find better opportunities. Now that I’m taking steps to leave, it’s hard to find the motivation to keep working. I finally understand why everyone who’s ever left this department always seemed to check out right before.
THU 7:03 AM
How are you? I heard you were in the hospital this week for a gnarly infection.
THU 7:03 AM
The timer sounds like a good way way to do it.
THU 8:34 AM
What site you using?
THU 8:34 AM
I'm doing better.
THU 8:35 AM
Glad to hear it! As for the job posting site, mom recommended Inspire.
THU 9:29 AM
I’m not sure if she heard good things about it, but she was able to find chem eng jobs in or near Louisville on there.
THU 9:30 AM
It is awesome that she is hunting with you.
THU 9:31 AM
Both her and dad are very supporting with it. Honestly, they pretty much repeated what you and [[K]] have been telling me all along — that I owe them nothing and need to move on. It’s taken way too long to listen.
THU 9:34 AM
I’ve started repeating to myself what you all have told me — that this job’s not worth my energy , that I don’t owe them anything, that I could find something better. These reminders have actually improved my mood and given me a bit more pep in my step. It’s weird how... trapped I’ve felt about the whole thing.
THU 9:42 AM
I'm glad you aren't feeling trapped. It is an awful feeling.
THU 9:43 AM
If my friends and family are telling me I can do it, then they must be right. I’m the only one saying I can’t.
THU 9:44 AM
Or, I have been at least.
THU 9:44 AM
That is not deductively valid, but it is often true. It's good that you listen to your advisers. I'm lucky to have trustworthy people who advise me as well.
THU 9:47 AM
Right, I know it’s not the most sound reasoning. But I also know the “I’m trapped in this job I hate and can never leave” mentality I’ve been carrying around with me isn’t very sound either. I feel like I’ve been lying to myself.
THU 10:09 AM
That's a good way to put it. Soundness := Validity + True Premises.
THU 10:38 AM
I think you are forced into probabilistic reasoning. It's empiricism. You have to do science to figure out what or whom to trust.
THU 10:39 AM
I appreciate how painful it can be to be so honest with oneself and others.
THU 10:40 AM
I appreciate your patience in all this... I know it’s not fun to message me and not hear back.
THU 10:40 AM
Weighing your advisors' opinions with your own is part of practicing [[The Golden Rule]].
THU 10:40 AM
Right.
THU 10:41 AM