[1:09 AM] Sapphomo: WELL i am grateful for your honesty in sharing your emotional response; i try to think of those flare ups from emotional brain as a sort of compass toward where you might need to make course corrections, not that you ARE or ARE NOT the thing that rational brain shared with emotional brain. REGARDLESS; i see the reflection of you that is online as reflecting my idea of a fun being, and im sure whatever kind of dad you are, your children are better beings for it in the long run :)

WHO AM I HMMMMM 「(°ヘ°)  a lot of things! but some of my expositional historical things are being a 2D animator in Hollywood (think adult swim, not disney) for 4 years, working 60-80 hours regularly for 40 hours of what was already shit pay. couldn't hang, quarter life crisis-ed by moving back in with parentals (as mil/xennials tend to do), had big dreams of community agriculture business, built a greenhouse out of an empty pool, then was like shit this will never happen without money, went on a bicycle trip across the country with my partner, then started weekly Skype sessions with my best friend since kindergarten, who got into infosec and made bank, then helped me just sort of get a handle on topics and try stuff out and break / learn shit, and THEN: i started working in infosec 2 years ago, love the job, gonna sail up that corporate ladder cuz i work hard and do dope shit and get along with people so we can do dope shit together.
[1:11 AM] Sapphomo: so all that to get to why I am in a TW discord chatting with interesting strangers on the internet (which is what we used to use it for back in the day). over the past 2 years, i've been doing weekly skype sessions with anybody interested in learning security and just sharing resources and articles. this has coalesced into wanting to build something different educationally... content that someone might want to actually dive in and do. my first iteration TW was just nesting concepts / articles to utilize as like a, wiki-workbook of sorts. like mostly empty tiddlers you are intended to fill in and sorta offer a scaffolding for someone to really GET infosec... because the way most 2-4 yr degree places are teaching it... oi vei. my friend told me this but i didnt believe him until i was in the hiring position, but i would say 90% of applicants we just can't hire. they can't do the job, yet they got the degree for the thing. it fucking sucks they had to waste all that money, when i feel like a lot of them could learn better.

so now the idea is crafting a narrative of them finding this infosecronomi.com as like a connection to this arcane magickal world where they complete tasks/trials/rituals/etc and just gamifying the fuck out of the narrative and making building the wikiworkbook actually fun. because the previous version would be cool, but nobody would fucking do it. it's too dry and only appeals to those who have that natural, insatiable curiosity without the fear of fucking things up, or thinking they don't know anything about computers, or any other fear that keeps people from practicing and grokking something
[1:12 AM] Sapphomo: also doing more regular standard traditional education things with local nonprofits and stuff cuz why not but this lil passion project of mine has quite a life of its own now. it's like a few ideas that needed to stew altogether for awhile. and now just gotta build it.
[1:13 AM] Sapphomo: that was incredibly long winded and feels like a handwritten letter more than a CHAT MESSAGE but yes that is me and also i imagine there is more to your who than your TW and that sounds interesting too!
[1:14 AM] Sapphomo: i try sleep now, wishing you wellness whenever this is read and just in general