You’re probably right. She’s mentioned before her idea of moving to an animal crossing style village where everyone lives together in small clusters haha
MON 10:59 AM
Have a great day!
MON 10:59 AM
It is the dream of every parent.
MON 10:59 AM
Err, well, I totally get that dream as a dad.
MON 11:00 AM
You will think I'm insane, but I work from the assumption that my children will not speak with me after I'm 18 (like, worst case scenario). But, in my ideal best case scenario, I get to see them every day and live with or next to them. This one is up to them in the end.
MON 11:01 AM
I don’t think it’s insane at all. Haha. Perhaps I’m misrepresenting what I’m trying to say. Idk.
MON 11:06 AM
You'll have to forgive me for rambling and overextending my inferential space today. One other thing comes to my mind (I was up thinking about what you said), and this may be irrelevant to you (though it's possible we've approached the surface of this topic multiple times over the years we've known each other). As with many people in my life, I aim to support and protect those who find themselves on various morally arbitrary spectrums of preference and identity who might otherwise find themselves persecuted for deviating from the norm. Roughly,  while I'm highly judgmental, there are contexts in which I judge it wrong to judge, and I hope you know that. I aim to be a safe and loyal friend who listens carefully. 
MON 11:29 AM
You’re fine [[h0p3]]! I totally get it.
MON 11:30 AM
I’ve got my second presentation tomorrow over Missing Soluch. Despite not enjoying the book I finally managed to write an interesting paper. It leans heavily on our prior book for support but it’s a comparative study so that’s probably fine.
MON 1:11 PM
I'm surprised you have presentations. How much prep is involved for it?
MON 1:13 PM
This one wasn’t as intense as the first one. She asked us to write a 2-4 page essay (I ended up with 5) and prepare a light PowerPoint to accompany it.
MON 1:17 PM
Honestly? The prezi was easy, but I wrote and scrapped the whole paper twice before I ended up with something I liked.
MON 1:17 PM
Dude. I think we got the position. They just gave her a contingent offer (they are waiting to get a letter from her current boss). Don't know the details yet though. Surreal.
MON 4:00 PM
That’s amazing! :D
MON 4:03 PM