How are you and yours good sir?
SUN 3:07 PM
We're doing well enough. Been a busy week. My offspring are back, and my cousins came to visit.
SUN 4:44 PM
It was a solid weekend.
SUN 4:44 PM
How about you? How has your week been?
SUN 4:45 PM
Not bad. Kathy is recovering much quicker than expected. Two days of PT already and she sees the neurologists tomorrow for eval. But they called in her old scripts so she had them. We will know more tomorrow on her. But she seems 100 better than we were. Otherwise enjoying the weekend. Back to the grind tomorrow.
SUN 4:56 PM
Good, I am glad!
SUN 5:56 PM
How'd the interview go?
SUN 5:57 PM
Not bad. I did the best I could. Had 10 teachers and the dean interview me. Lol. It was kinda silly.
SUN 5:57 PM
That's crazy.
SUN 5:58 PM
Thankfully as a manager i learned and practiced this with alot more $ for the company on the line and alot higher paid individuals. Lol
SUN 5:59 PM
Normal nervous for an interview. But I laughed at the massive conference table full of teachers. Buddy said they even do that for like maintenance positions.
SUN 6:00 PM
And if I get narrowed down I do another interview with the president of the college.
SUN 6:01 PM
Half court shot. But I got good aim... Wait and see. They need a teacher this coming semester. They will figure it out.
SUN 6:02 PM
How hard is it to adopt out of Thailand? Do you know anyone?
SUN 6:20 PM
(talks of adoption are in the house again. It is a reoccurring theme.)
SUN 6:20 PM
I have always been in favor. The wife is scared.
SUN 6:21 PM
We also have contact with several bilingual Spanish speaking friends.
SUN 6:21 PM
Well, fingers-crossed on making it to the next interview. If you land that job, it sounds like it would be for life or until you moved to another school.
SUN 6:24 PM
I don't know what it is like to adopt in Thailand anymore. I can tell you it was not easy. They government is generally against it in my experience.
SUN 6:24 PM
They believe orphans and poor people deserve their stations in life due to Karma.
SUN 6:25 PM
It's not that there aren't kids who need adopting, it's that it damages the "face" and cultural sensibilities of those in power in Thailand.
SUN 6:26 PM
I think it's also fairly expensive since you'd have to visit out there usually. I would not be surprised for that adoption to cost 25-50k
SUN 6:26 PM
That is a general costs I have read for adopting abroad. I am not turned off by the costs. But I think there are ways some ways to minimize it. It is hard to adopt in the states with so many people who are high now. But get better then wanna play mom again. It makes fostering hard. And foster to adopt even more difficult.
SUN 8:14 PM