Sup. I'm back lol
Jan 13 7:39am
You marked your Safety Number with Shoshana as verified

Hey Sho! =)
Jan 13 10:07am
How's life going, Sho?
Jan 15 12:22pm
Wow. What an open-ended question that is.
You ARE a masochist, aren't you? 🤣🤣
Jan 15 12:34pm
Lol, I want to know.
Jan 15 12:34pm
Well I shall respond as soon as convenient for my selfish, lazy arse 😂😉
Jan 15 12:35pm
But thank you for caring!
Jan 15 12:35pm
i'll start with a rant i sent a friend in KY yesterday, shall  I?

Then I sent a sort of apology cause I felt bad. lol
Jan 16 4:54am
seriously tho, it's not like that's good for me. So, whilst Ed says let's not watch the news, let's just not pay attention because it makes us unhappy and ill and stuff, he still goes on facebook and sees stuff and shows me. *shrug *
Wed 9:59am
But then it's like, but some things are just too important. Like for us, it seems Scotland will be fighting for independence again this year. Oh, fuck.
I mean, that is a fight. That is THE fight, if you live here. And it is, unfortunately, a fight, because tehre is no such thing as democracy.

But this is where they get us ... and this is where you're right, with the apathetic fucks...
Wed 10:00am
at this point in my life, I reckon they've intentionally bred violence out of us, conditioned us to see it as SO loathesome and horrible and 'beneath good people' or whatever that they know the 'masses' will NEVER rise against them. Those in power will always retain it, because they have everything. The money, the influence, the resources, the tehcnology, the hired thugs ... 

They will NEVER let things be better, be more fair. The reason things are SO FUCKED now is because of them, and their forebears, their ilk, for centuries upon centuries. 

It's all the same game it's always been: Who has the stuff?

And we, the 90%, whatever, will never get it back, never get anywhere, non-violently.
That's why they pumped MLK Jr and Gandhi at us SO HARD... because they want us all to go oh, violence is bad, we can't be violent.

What the fuck is the 'state'/government doing? They ARE violence! Almost every single experience of almost every single person in that country, these countries, and beyond, is suffered at the hands of violence.

People dinnae spend 80% of their time away from t heir family and loved ones because they want to. People dinnae struggle to get enough rest, enough self-care time, enough time for creative or other enjoyable pursuits not because they WANT their time to be OWNED, because they want almost every bit of their energy and resources consumed by simply 'CAN I PAY RENT? CAN I FEED MY KIDS?' and so on ... it's all forced on people by the government and its economic levers throughout society.
It is violence.

Almost every person is getting FUCKED, every day... almost every person is a slave... and I'm sorry, but that's not right. People are in this position as a result of violence, intentional violence, done against t hem.
Wed 10:05am
Unfortunately...  I think we are fucked, anyway, because I think 'they' control just too, too much and have too much surveillance and power for 'us', any us, any 'masses', to achieve any kind of revolution. It's not possible.

Not least of which because of cunts like fucking Zuckerberg!

So, that all leads to apathy. Damned if you do, damned if you don't.
We all ken there isnt' really a way out. 
It's just hey, let's just try and have as not-shite a time with loved ones as we can, while we can, because who the fuck can honestly COPE with more than that!?!? 😮
Wed 10:06am
and thus the cycle perpetuates.
Wed 10:07am
This is why I'm oot here where I'm at. Ed and I have close to nothing (that said, still more than most folk! especially as we OWN the tiny bit of shite we have, as opposed to paying a mortgage! folks with mortgages in these islands are about to be FUCKED, by the way... Brexit... it's gonnae fuck us up big time. Already prices are way up and availability is doon, for just fruit and things... argh!!! FUCKIN TORY SCUM)
Wed 10:08am
but point is, we dinnae hae much, but we dinnae want much. We have nae debt and, at this point, I reckon that's almost like being wealthy in and of itself.
(You know, I did have to live on credit for years when i immigrated and I went bankrupt a few years ago, taht's why I have no debt - not because I somehow managed to get by in urban areas all those years without it! eek)
Wed 10:09am
now, I want to work today... i have as yet nae work... i'm a bit like eh, we need money! and i've not earned much!  (dinnae tell my folks this btw haha) but also... ultimately... not the end of the world.
So, I'll spend today doing some creative stuff, some household 'chores' in terms of file sorting and back-up and just, whatever.

As Ed points out frequently, what greater wealth is there than waking up what you want and doing what you want?

So, we reckon, who's not wealthy? We certainly are. It just depends on how one defines wealth.
Wed 10:10am
Anyway, sorry for all that! You'll be wishing I had work, now, too! haha 😆
Wed 10:10am
but all to say ultimately, aye, you are correct. They make things impossible so that people, for the most part, just go AW FUCK IT.
And the thing is, you cannae even blame them(us).
Wed 10:11am
Anyway sweetie, I hope you have a good day! I hope my angst doesnae send you into an angry tilt!

That said, if it does... embrace it! 
Apathy is a hugely valuable tool... but so is anger, sometimes 😉 🤣 🤣
Wed 10:12am
I love you <3
Wed 10:12am
Been thinking about you.
I'm sorry I'm such an arsehole.

It's like in the Big Lebowski:

Walter, ranting, loudly: Am I wrong? Am I wrong!?

The Dude: No, Walter, you're not wrong; you're just an asshole! 

😂🥰

In my life w Ed I am almost always the Dude but, aye. Got lots of Walter in me by nature... 

😘
Jan 16 4:55am
Let me ken if you are still curious about any points after that 😆
Jan 16 4:55am
how you liking CT?
Jan 16 4:55am
Completely agree on the MLK point. I am an increasing fan of Malcolm X, and I think MLK was the concession.
Jan 16 11:32am
I agree that enslaving people is a form of violence as well (and requires many layers, degrees, and kinds of violence to maintain it).
Jan 16 11:33am
There is a difference between the claim that revolution is impossible and the claim it is unlikely. I do not predict it will occur (unlike Saint Marx), but there is a chance.
Jan 16 11:34am
One non-trivial definition of wealth: how long can you maintain your standard of living (on average) without working? That is relative to your standard (and your preferences), and I think your claim makes good sense.
Jan 16 11:37am
I've been sick almost the entire time we've been here. I still can't get to the doctor for another 2 weeks.
Jan 16 11:38am
But, I'm enjoying it otherwise.
Jan 16 11:38am
sorry you're sick
Jan 16 11:40am
hope you feel aw richt soon
Jan 16 11:40am